Docs for Usual Namelists (#733)
esm-tools/esm_tools: docs/recipes/modify_namelists.rst

``namelist_changes`` block per model or component (see
:ref:`yaml:Changing Namelists`).

Unusual Namelists
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Somethings, you have strange namelists of the form:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some times, you have strange namelists of the form:
```
